Core Modules of Odoo

==>Accounting and Finance

Simple yet powerful, Odoo Accounting module can be best described in these two words. You
can process your transactions quickly using Odoo. Odoo’s accounting is connected with all other
apps of Odoo like Sale, Purchase, inventory and Human resource. This makes working with Odoo
more simple and quick. You can create a customer invoice by less than two clicks from a Sale
order. (Check Sales for more details).Odoo will fill all the necessary information required for
invoice automatically. To enable accounting features in you Odoo ERP you have to install
Accounting and finance App from Odoo.

==>Customer Relationship Management

Integrated with Sales, Purchase and other modules, Odoo CRM effectively manages customer
relation operations for you. Actually, Odoo CRM is a combination of about 8 Apps and plugins.
View CRM module for a detailed explanation.

==>Purchase

Just like the sales, it is really easy to manage our purchase related operations using Odoo. We
can generate quotations, convert them to purchase order and generate bills in simple steps.
Illustrated reports generated by this module makes analysis even simpler. After installing the
purchase management module from the apps list, we can see the menu item 'Purchases' in our
Odoo ERP.

==>Warehouse Management

Track all the movements of products more effectively, generate automatic sales order and
manage scraps in easy steps and lot more other features. Install the module ‘Inventory’ to enable
warehouse management.

==>Manufacturing

For any manufacturing company, it is important to track products and every manufacturing
orders efficiently. The Manufacturing Module in Odoo help you to handle the complexity of
Production, Manage Bill of Materials, Plan Manufacturing Orders, and Track Work Orders etc.
Manufacturing module is one of the basic application in Odoo. After a successful installation of
Odoo, we can find the Manufacturing app in apps. Since the manufacturing is highly integrated
with Inventory Management, you can keep your inventory automatically updated with each
manufacturing process.

==>Human Resource

For an efficient HR management using Odoo, you have to install following apps from Odoo. That
is, Timesheet, Employee Directory, Leave Management, Recruitment Process, Expense Tracker,
and Attendants. One of the useful features of Odoo HRM module is the automation of
recruitment process with the help of the website.

==>Point of Sale Management

The Simple and user friendly interface of Odoo Point of sales module let the user to configure
and complete his all POS needs with hassle free steps. You can install POS app from Odoo to
enable this module. Like other modules, POS is also integrated with Inventory, Accounting and
CRM modules thus providing live updating and efficient management.

==>Website and E-commerce

Odoo is always ahead of user needs. Website and E-commerce is such a novel feature. You can
make your own website and carry out E-commerce activities without depending on other thirdparty apps. Website also plays a big role in many other modules.

==>Project Management

Project Management is a collection of guided process to achieve a specified target. That may
include initiation, planning, assignation, controlling, analysis and closing. Project management
app is one of the powerful tools in Odoo. Where we can run all projects with user-defined
workflow. To enable project management functionalities in Odoo, you need to install Odoo
Project App. 
